# CharTitles.dbc struct for 3.3.5 WOTLK
uint ID
int unk1
uint maleTitle1 string
uint maleTitle2 string
uint maleTitle3 string
uint maleTitle4 string
uint maleTitle5 string
uint maleTitle6 string
uint maleTitle7 string
uint maleTitle8 string
uint maleTitle9 string
uint maleTitle10 string
uint maleTitle11 string
uint maleTitle12 string
uint maleTitle13 string
uint maleTitle14 string
uint maleTitle15 string
uint maleTitle16 string
uint maleTitleFlags
uint femaleTitle1 string
uint femaleTitle2 string
uint femaleTitle3 string
uint femaleTitle4 string
uint femaleTitle5 string
uint femaleTitle6 string
uint femaleTitle7 string
uint femaleTitle8 string
uint femaleTitle9 string
uint femaleTitle10 string
uint femaleTitle11 string
uint femaleTitle12 string
uint femaleTitle13 string
uint femaleTitle14 string
uint femaleTitle15 string
uint femaleTitle16 string
uint femaleTitleFlags
int titleMaskId
