# ChrClasses wotlk 3.3.5
uint Id
uint Field01
uint DisplayPower
uint PetNameToken
uint Name1 string
uint Name2 string
uint Name3 string
uint Name4 string
uint Name5 string
uint Name6 string
uint Name7 string
uint Name8 string
uint Name9 string
uint Name10 string
uint Name11 string
uint Name12 string
uint Name13 string
uint Name14 string
uint Name15 string
uint Name16 string
uint NameFlags
uint NameFemale1 string
uint NameFemale2 string
uint NameFemale3 string
uint NameFemale4 string
uint NameFemale5 string
uint NameFemale6 string
uint NameFemale7 string
uint NameFemale8 string
uint NameFemale9 string
uint NameFemale10 string
uint NameFemale11 string
uint NameFemale12 string
uint NameFemale13 string
uint NameFemale14 string
uint NameFemale15 string
uint NameFemale16 string
uint NameFemaleFlags
uint NameMale1 string
uint NameMale2 string
uint NameMale3 string
uint NameMale4 string
uint NameMale5 string
uint NameMale6 string
uint NameMale7 string
uint NameMale8 string
uint NameMale9 string
uint NameMale10 string
uint NameMale11 string
uint NameMale12 string
uint NameMale13 string
uint NameMale14 string
uint NameMale15 string
uint NameMale16 string
uint NameMaleFlags
uint FileName string
uint SpellClassSet
uint Flags
uint CinematicSequenceId
uint RequiredExpansion